Introduce a walkthrough-like Getting Started section (#4)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/configure.rst

.. highlight:: console

.. _configure:

=========
Configure
=========

This page shows you how to install `Croud`_, the dedicated command-line

> interface (CLI) and log in to CrateDB Cloud. Croud lets you interact with

Reviewer: "page" -> "document"

drop "dedicated"

italicize "command-line interface"

"interface (CLI) for interacting with CrateDB Cloud"

then say something like "once Croud is installed, you can log in and ..."

CrateDB Cloud — from creating organizations and projects to deploying clusters.

> .. CAUTION::

Reviewer: reformat this as a normal para and move it to the top of the install section

   Croud requires `Python 3.6 or higher`_.

.. NOTE::

  This section assumes that you have `created a CrateDB Cloud account`_.

> 

Reviewer: missing TOC

Install Croud
=============

Install Croud by running the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ python3 -m pip install --user -U croud

Next, verify if the installation was successful by running:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud -v

> If Croud is installed, the command returns the Croud version

Reviewer: collapse this example output into the previous example and drop this para

number, like so:

.. code-block:: console

   croud 0.16.0.

.. NOTE::

>   Make sure to always `update Croud to the latest version`_ to ensure it has all the latest features.

Reviewer: show the reader how to do that

Author: you wanted to link to the instructions in the docs, remember? it initially was described here.

.. _sign-in:

> Log in to CrateDB Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in
```

=======================

To log in to CrateDB Cloud, run the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud login

The CrateDB Cloud sign-in page opens up:

.. image:: _assets/img/cloud-sign-in-page.png

Enter your username and password and select *Sign in*.

> If successful, you should get the following message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successful, you should get this message:
```

`You have successfully logged into CrateDB Cloud!`

> Verify that you are logged in to CrateDB Cloud by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify that you are logged by running:
```

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud me

> If you're logged in, you should get your email address, and username returned, like so:

Reviewer: drop this para and work the example output into the previous literal block

.. code-block:: console

   +--------------------+--------------+
   | email              | username     |
   |--------------------+--------------|
   | youruser@email.com | yourusername |
   +--------------------+--------------+

> If you're not logged in, give the following command again:

Reviewer: drop this para and example

.. code-block:: console

  sh$ croud login

> Once you're logged in, use the following link to open up the login page and access the Cloud Console:

Reviewer: rework this so that "Cloud Console" is a regular hyperlink and remove the URL on its own line

also please edit this sentence for brevity

westeurope.azure.cratedb.cloud

> Once you're logged in, you should see the Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're logged in, you should see something like this:
```

.. image:: _assets/img/cloud-console-after-sign-up.png

> 

Reviewer: needs some further explanation here. why is the screen so empty etc, etc. hold the reader's hand

Next steps
==========

> You have installed Croud, logged in to CrateDB Cloud and the Cloud Console.

Reviewer: "You have installed the Croud CLI tool, logged in to CrateDB Cloud, and visited the Cloud Console. Now, you can deploy your first CrateDB cluster."

.. highlight:: console
.. _configure:

> 

Reviewer: this newline should be above the `_confgure` label (here and elsewhere)

=========
Configure
=========

> 

Reviewer: need an into para that sums up what this page does

> Install Croud CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Croud
```

the intro para should use "Croud CLI" but from then on we can just call it Croud

=================

> This page shows you how to download and install the `Croud CLI`_. Croud is the dedicated command-line interface (CLI) tool to interact with CrateDB Cloud.

Reviewer: this para needs editing after the into para is added so that it only applies to this section and fits in with the narrative

The CLI provides specific commands to create and manage CrateDB Cloud
organizations, projects, and resources. You can also use it to deploy CrateDB products such as clusters.

> In this tutorial, we refer to the *Croud CLI* as *Croud*.

Reviewer: you can drop this

.. NOTE::

   Croud requires `Python 3.6 or higher`_.

> .. SEEALSO::

Reviewer: this should be moved to the end of the document

Author: doesn't the user need python before installing croud? if so, i think this info should be given upfront.

Reviewer: I'm refering to the SEEALSO

   Check out the `Croud CLI Reference`_ for an outline of all available Croud
   commands, command-line options, and usage instructions.

> To install Croud, start your system's command-line application and run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Croud, run the
```

following command:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ python3 -m pip install --user -U croud

> Next, verify if the installation was successful by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, verify if the installation was successful:
```

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud -v

> If Croud was successfully installed, the command outputs the Croud version

Reviewer: you can drop this para and just integrate the next code block into the previous one with a new line to separate the command from the output

number, like so:

.. code-block:: console

   croud 0.16.0.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please also add a note that users should keep the version up to date.
And maybe add the update command:
`pip install -U croud` or `pip3 install -U croud`

.. _sign-in:

Sign in to CrateDB Cloud
========================

> This sections shows you how to sign in to CrateDB Cloud using `Croud`_.

Reviewer: no need to into each section. the page intro should do the job of outlining the steps we're taking. each section can just get right to it

> .. NOTE::

Reviewer: this should probably be moved to the top of the document

  This document assumes that you have `created a CrateDB Cloud account`_.

> Run the ``croud login`` command to sign in to CrateDB Cloud:

Reviewer: don't repeat the command in the prose

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud login

> The CrateDB Cloud sign-in page will open in a new browser tab.

Reviewer: use ":" instead of "."

.. image:: _assets/img/cloud-sign-in-page.png

> Provide your username and password and select *Sign in*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your username and password, then select *Sign in*.
```

> In another new browser tab, you should get the message:

Reviewer: make it explicit that this opens a new browser tab (is that the case?)

> `You have successfully logged into CrateDB Cloud!`

Reviewer: this should be formatted on a new line

> Close the tab and return to Croud.

Reviewer: which tab? do you have two tabs open now? or just one? the sentence above suggests you have two

also, this should say return to your console/terminal

> Verify that you are signed in by giving the ``croud`` command and passing in

Reviewer: you can simplify this sentence to something like:

"You can verify that you are signed in by running:"

``me`` to retrieve the data of the user that is currently signed in:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud me

If you're signed in, then CrateDB Cloud displays your email address and
username, like so:

.. code-block:: console

   +--------------------+--------------+
   | email              | username     |
   |--------------------+--------------|
   | youruser@email.com | yourusername |
   +--------------------+--------------+

> In case you're not signed in, run the ``croud`` command and pass in ``login`` to

Reviewer: drop this para and example

sign in to CrateDB Cloud:

.. code-block:: console

>   sh$ croud login

Reviewer: finish this section with a new screenshot of what the Cloud Console looks like?

Next steps
==========

> You have now installed Croud and you are signed in to CrateDB Cloud. Next, let's

Reviewer: "You have successfully installed Croud and subsequently signed into CrateDB Cloud. Now you can deploy your first CrateDB cluster."

deploy your first `CrateDB cluster`_.

> .. _created a CrateDB Cloud account: https://crate.io/docs/crate/cloud-getting-started/en/latest/sign-up.html

Reviewer: please order link lists alphabetically (case insensitive) per the style guide

.. highlight:: console

> 

Reviewer: there are two new lines now. we should only use one

.. _configure:

=========
Configure
=========

This document shows you how to install `Croud`_, the
`command-line interface (CLI)`_ tool for CrateDB Cloud. Croud runs in your

> computer's terminal application. It is designed to manage CrateDB Cloud

Reviewer: delete "Croud runs in your computer's terminal application."

Author: aren't we addressing engineers AND total newbies? if yes, i'd want to keep this sentence. advanced users will just read over it. for inexperienced users it's rather valuable.

Reviewer: the term "command-line interface" already has the information needed. our docs target people who know what a CLI is

> functions automated and text-based.

Reviewer: "automated and text-based" seems like it's missing some connecting words (e.g., "in a ... way")

Reviewer: please don't resolve conversations without leaving a note saying why

You'll also learn how to log into CrateDB Cloud and access the `Cloud Console`_.
The Cloud Console is a web administration tool with a graphical user interface
that you can use along with the CLI to interact with CrateDB Cloud. The Console
provides you with comprehensive information about the CrateDB clusters you have
deployed.

.. NOTE::

  This section assumes that you have `created a CrateDB Cloud account`_.

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

Install Croud
=============

> For the Croud CLI to run correctly, you need to install `Python 3.6 or higher`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Croud to run correctly, you must have `Python 3.6 or higher`_ installed.
```

on your system.

> You have Python installed.

Reviewer: remove this para

> Next, install the Croud CLI:

Reviewer: "You can install Croud via PyPI:"

link PyPI

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ python3 -m pip install --user -U croud

> Check if the installation was successful, like so:

Reviewer: "You can check..."

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud -v

> The command returns the current version number of your Croud CLI installation:

Reviewer: delete line

> 

Reviewer: delete line

> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer: delete line

> 

Reviewer: delete line

   croud 0.16.0.

.. NOTE::

>   Make sure to always `update Croud to the latest version`_ to ensure that all

Reviewer: how about:

"Make sure to regularly update Croud to the latest version so that you get all the latest features."

  feature developments are included.

.. _sign-in:

Log in
======

Logging in to CrateDB Cloud is a two-step process.

First, run this command in Croud:

.. code-block:: console

>     sh$ croud login

Reviewer: what happens when you run this? like, does it prompt me to enter in my username, etc? tell the user what to expect. include a screenshot if helpful

If successful, you should get this message:

> `You have successfully logged into CrateDB Cloud!`

Reviewer: is this displayed by Croud in the terminal? if so, it should be formatted as a code block

Author: it's displayed in the browser window. the screen only displays two sentences in the top-left corner and otherwise, the screen is empty so i haven't included a screenshot

> `You have successfully logged into CrateDB Cloud!`

Reviewer: is this command output? if so it should be listed in the command example block with a new line to separate it from the command

Author: It's shown in a browser tab. Still?

You can verify that you are logged in by running:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud me

> You should get your email address, and username returned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should get your email address and username returned:
```

Reviewer: also please change this to active voice

.. code-block:: console

   +--------------------+--------------+
   | email              | username     |
   |--------------------+--------------|
   | youruser@email.com | yourusername |
   +--------------------+--------------+

> If your login attempt wasn't successful, repeat the login:

Reviewer: there's no need for this bit. please drop

.. code-block:: console

  sh$ croud login

> Copy and paste this link into your browser's address line to open the sign-in

Reviewer: this content belongs above with the first login command

page for the Cloud Console:

> *westeurope.azure.cratedb.cloud*

Reviewer: this should be an actual link

The sign-in page for the CrateDB Cloud Console should show up.

.. image:: _assets/img/cloud-sign-in-page.png

Enter your login credentials and select *Sign in*.

> The CrateDB `Cloud Console`_ should open up.

Reviewer: duplication. see prev para

> =====================

Reviewer: add a new top-level heading above this called "Configure"

Install the Croud CLI

> =====================

Reviewer: downgrade this heading level (i.e., just the underline, not the overline)

This page shows you how to install the `Croud CLI`_. The Croud command-line
interface (CLI) lets you issue commands to create and manage CrateDB Cloud

> organizations, projects, and resources, and deploy CrateDB clusters.

Reviewer 3: I would change this to 

`This page shows you how to install the `Croud CLI`_. The Croud command-line
interface (CLI) lets you issue commands to create and manage CrateDB Cloud
organizations, projects,  CrateDB clusters and other products.`

because you can deploy a cluster, scale up and delete and you can also spin up other products such as eventhub consumers etc

Reviewer: because this is now part of a larger doc called "Configure", this intro section should be merged into with the text in the next subsection "Install"

i.e., there should be a single section in this doc that is "Install the Croud CLI" with no "Install" subsection, no "Update Croud" subsection, and no command-line options reference (please stick with the link through to the croud reference for that with the SEEALSO block)

Author: Should we merge the "Update Croud" part into the Croud Reference? There currently doesn't seem to be an equivalent. Nixed it for now.

Reviewer: if it's a part of the install process, I would include it here

In this tutorial, the *Croud CLI tool* is reffered to as *Croud*.

.. NOTE::

   Croud requires `Python 3.6 or higher`_.

.. SEEALSO::

   For an outline of available Croud commands, take a look at the
   `Croud CLI section`_.

> Install

Reviewer: per above comment, remove this subsection title and merge all this Croud content into one section

=======

To install Croud, start your system's command-line interface and run this
command:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ python3 -m pip install --user -U croud

Next, verify if the installation was successful by running:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud -v

If Croud was successfully installed, the command outputs the Croud version
number, like so:

.. code-block:: console

   croud 0.16.0.

> Update Croud

Reviewer: per above comment, remove this subsection title and merge all this Croud content into one section

============

We recommend you to check for regular Croud updates.

You can download and install the latest version by issuing this command:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ pip install -U croud

> Command-line options

Reviewer: per above comment, remove this subsection

====================

Croud supports the following command-line options:

+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| Argument               | Description                                      |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| ``-h``,                | Print the help message, then exit.               |
| ``--help``             |                                                  |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| ``-v``,                | Print the program's version number, then exit.   |
| ``--version``          |                                                  |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+

For instance, if you want to look up the Croud help, simply run:

.. code-block:: console

  sh$ croud --help

.. SEEALSO::

  For a full documentation of Croud commands, check out the
  `Croud CLI section`_.

> .. highlights:: console

Reviewer: this is a syntax error (plural instead of singular "highlight"). check the output. should also be at the top of the doc

> ========================

Reviewer: add a header label here and for all other headers in the docs project

Sign in to CrateDB Cloud

> ========================

Reviewer: downgrade this heading level (i.e., just the underline, not the overline)

> This page shows you how to sign in to CrateDB Cloud using `Croud`_.

Reviewer: this needs re-wording so that it fits in as a subsection of the larger "Configure" doc

.. NOTE::

  This document assumes that you have `created a CrateDB Cloud account`_.

Run thew following command in your CLI to sign in to CrateDB Cloud:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud login

The CrateDB Cloud sign-in page will open in a new browser tab.

> .. cloud-sign-in-page.png

Reviewer: please remove this comment and all other comments like it above the images

> .. image:: _assets/img/cloud-sign-up-page.png

Reviewer: please follow the screenshot standards as defined in the handbook. ping me for help if you need it

Provide your username and password and select *Sign in*.

In another new browser tab, you should get the message:
`You have successfully logged into CrateDB Cloud!`

Close the tab and return to Croud.

Verify that you are signed in by giving the ``croud`` command and passing in
``me`` to retrieve the data of the user that is currently signed in:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud me

If you're signed in then CrateDB Cloud displays your email address and username,
like so:

.. code-block:: console

   +--------------------+--------------+
   | email              | username     |
   |--------------------+--------------|
   | youruser@email.com | yourusername |
   +--------------------+--------------+

In case you're not signed in, run the ``croud`` command and pass in ``login`` to
sign in to CrateDB Cloud:

.. code-block:: console

  sh$ croud login

> Next steps

Reviewer: double empty newlines above start of each header per handbook style guide

Reviewer: please also add labels to every header

==========

You're now signed in to CrateDB Cloud. Let's
`create an organization and project`_ to set you up for deploying your
first `CrateDB cluster`_.

.. _Croud: https://crate.io/docs/cloud/cli/en/latest/

.. _created a CrateDB Cloud account: https://crate.io/docs/crate/cloud-getting-started/en/latest/first-steps/sign-in.html

.. _create an organization and project: https://crate.io/docs/crate/cloud-getting-started/en/latest/first-steps/create.html

.. _CrateDB cluster: https://crate.io/docs/crate/guide/en/latest/architecture/shared-nothing.html

> Next steps

Reviewer: duplicate next steps subsection

==========

With the Croud CLI tool installed you can start using it by
`signing in to CrateDB Cloud`_.

> 

Reviewer: double empty new lines before start of link block

please update this elsewhere too

.. _Croud CLI: https://crate.io/docs/cloud/cli/en/latest/

> 

Reviewer: drop empty newlines around links
